feat(ymax-planner): opt-in automated rebalancing (#12743)
Agoric/agoric-sdk: services/ymax-planner/README.md

an absolute path is recommended
- `YDS_URL`: Base URL of the YMax Data Service API, for fetching dynamic instrument status and sending transaction settlement notifications (optional)
- `YDS_API_KEY`: API key for authenticating with YDS (required with `YDS_URL`)
- `AUTO_REBALANCE_DRIFT_BPS`: Basis-point threshold for position drift auto-rebalance candidates. If any single instrument's actual allocation differs from its target by more than this value, and the target balances would deposit enough into non-zero-weight instruments, the planner may submit an auto rebalance (default "100" = 1 percentage point)
- `AUTO_REBALANCE_DRIFT_MIN_DEPOSIT`: Minimum total micro-USDC deposit into non-zero-weight instruments required for the position drift trigger (default "25000000" = 25 USDC)

> - `AUTO_REBALANCE_CASH_MIN_DEPOSIT`: Minimum total micro-USDC deposit into non-zero-weight instruments required for the excess cash trigger (default "25000000" = 25 USDC)

Reviewer: Seeing these names, "deposit" is a bit misleading, and I think they should embed the unit. Suggestion:
```suggestion
- `AUTO_REBALANCE_DRIFT_MIN_MOVE_UUSDC`: Minimum total increase of non-zero-weight positions required for the position drift trigger, in micro-USDC (default "25000000" = 25 USDC)
- `AUTO_REBALANCE_CASH_MIN_MOVE_UUSDC`: Minimum total increase of non-zero-weight positions required for the excess cash trigger, in micro-USDC (default "25000000" = 25 USDC)
```

Author: Addressed by renaming/documenting these as move thresholds with units: `AUTO_REBALANCE_DRIFT_MIN_MOVE_UUSDC` and `AUTO_REBALANCE_CASH_MIN_MOVE_UUSDC`, both described as minimum total increases of non-zero-weight positions in micro-USDC.

**Env vars**: `YDS_URL`, `YDS_API_KEY`

Provides cached portfolio balances for auto-rebalance candidate detection, dynamic
instrument status, and transaction settlement notifications. For auto rebalance,
the planner reads `GET {YDS_URL}/portfolios/{portfolioKey}` and keeps each
portfolio's normalized balances in a 1-hour local cache before rechecking
candidates with direct balance queries.

After a CCTP transfer, GMP transfer, or smart wallet transaction is confirmed,
the planner POSTs the transaction ID and on-chain hash to
`{YDS_URL}/flow-step-tx-hashes` with the `x-resolver-auth-key` header. The
service is optional — if `YDS_URL` is not set, notifications are silently

> skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides cached portfolio balances for auto-rebalance candidate detection and dynamic instrument
status. Also receives transaction settlement notifications—after a CCTP transfer, GMP transfer, or
smart wallet transaction is confirmed, the planner POSTs the transaction ID and on-chain hash to
`{YDS_URL}/flow-step-tx-hashes` with the `x-resolver-auth-key` header.

This service is optional—if `YDS_URL` is not set, portfolio balances are only updated upon activity,
instrument status is assumed to match static network configuration, and transaction settlement
notifications are not sent anywhere.
```

Author: Addressed by rewriting the YDS section to cover cached portfolio balances, dynamic instrument status, and transaction settlement notifications, plus the optional-mode behavior when `YDS_URL` is not set.
